1. You need to create an image like the one above that displays a global sea surface temperature map.

2. Create a demo website that allows users to upload a sea surface temperature data file and display the resulting image.

Input data

You get a ZIP archive containing one sst.grid file and an empty world map empty-map.jpgg.

The binary file has the following dimensions:

const BINARY_DIMENSION X 36000; const BINARY DIMENSION Y 17999;

This file contains a two-dimensional byte array where each element contains the sea surface temperature in Fahrenheit for a given latitude and longitude.

Algorithm

Upload a blank map image.

Unzip the archive and read the binary file.

Color the image of the empty map with colors based on the data from the binary file.

Processing

Minimal: Generate an image similar to the one above, showing a global map of sea surface temperature. It can be a simple node.js script that

generates an image file.

Specialized: Create a demo website that allows users to select a binary file (in harchive format) and display the resulting image. Bonus: Create an API that allows users to download a binary file and receive the resulting image. This will demonstrate your ability to create client-server applications.

Technical requirements:

The project must be hosted on your GitHub account and publicly available.

Use only TypeScript.

Use Node 18+ and PNPM as a package manager.

Use React for a website.

Use mocha Ta chai for unit tests.

Expectation

The purpose of this task is not to create production-ready code, but to assess the candidate's ability to write it. When completing this task, please pay particular attention to the following:

1. Common programming style use eslint and prettier. We want to see your ability to create clean and organized code.

2. React we want to see your ability to build websites with React.

3. Testing we want to see your ability to create unit tests.

4. NodeJS and the server we want to see that you understand client-server architecture.